Main function:

have while loop whilst setting game up instead of if else - fewer lines of code, tidier


Player class:

Keep attributes of player:
	name, score, keys.
Had the moved functions in player class but that would require board class to be referenced in player class - removed and put in board class

Added in position (previously just used a find player function whenever needed player location), but by remembering player position dont need to iterate through board
Changed to keep poision as list(x,y) instead of two separate x,y objects (neater)


Board class:
1. Create board
2. Insert players (should be a board function) - amend so user can choose where they start? later/no
3. Show function for board table
4. Move player:
	Takes user input so: good to use dictionary to map user input to keys (then only have to deal with key error)
	Dictionary applied up/down/left/right function better - dont have to use long if/else logic

Move functions:
	Required: 	Update table
			Update player positrion
			Return if move allowed or not
			To be modular, as will need to run multiple different game types using this function

Play function:
	Wrapper function:
		Move players
		Change player turn
		Loop if move legal
		End game if move illegal


Simultaneous play function:
	Trying to implement draw condition without changing move function
	Need to handle special crashing head on case separately

Simultaneous and computer move function would benefit from a function that checks the move is legal without performing move. Therefore split up/lef/down/right functions into check_up and move_up functions.
Can then move simultaneously without complex else if logic.
Can then get computer to test moves before performing them.
For computer and simultaneous - necessary for computer to not know human input before it does its move


Step 3c:
Attempt a dynamic programming solution:
        A. Use random policy (equal chance of wasd)
        B. Assign positive value of +1 to each square (state)
        C. Time step is no. of spaces/2
        D. No. states is no. of empty sqaures
        

    
Exception handling:

Inputs:
	

Other:


		

